No School Bus Drivers with DUIs Act of 2016 The bill amends the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (ESEA) to prohibit any state, state educational agency, or local educational agency receiving ESEA funds from employing an individual as a school bus driver who has been convicted of, or pled guilty to, drunk driving or a driving violation that is a felony under state law. Nothing in this section shall be construed to prevent those entities from adopting a law, regulation, or policy that provides greater or additional protections prohibiting the employment of a school employee, contractor, or agent. The Department of Education shall not have the authority to mandate, direct, or control the specific measures adopted by such entities. Disapproves of: (1) United Nations Security Council Resolution 2334, adopted on December 23, 2016; and (2) President Obama and his administration's failure to veto such resolution. (The resolution reaffirms that settlements established by Israel in Palestinian territory occupied since 1967, including East Jerusalem, constitute a flagrant violation under international law and a major obstacle to a two-state solution and comprehensive peace.) Calls for the U.S. government to oppose and veto Security Council resolutions that are one-sided and anti-Israel. Affirms the commitment of the House of Representatives: (1) to Israel, and (2) to work with future Presidents to strengthen the U.S. alliance with Israel. Nuclear Sanity Act This bill requires the President to obtain the approval of the Department of Defense (DOD) and the Department of State prior to the use of nuclear weapons, except: (1) in the case of a foreign military attack on U.S. territory, or (2) if it is impossible for the President to communicate with DOD and the State Department for a 24-hour period.  The bill requires: (1) the U.S. military to disregard all orders from the President in violation of this bill, and (2) any violation or attempted violation of this bill to be deemed a high crime or misdemeanor under the Constitution.  MadeInAmerica.gov Act This bill requires the Department of Commerce to create and maintain a MadeInAmerica.gov website within two years. The website shall: (1) publish a list of all products made in America and all companies that only make products made in America, (2) publish contact information, and (3) be searchable by product and company. Commerce shall: (1) only publish such products, companies, contact information, and order page information requested by a company; (2) create a form interested companies may complete in order to satisfy such requirement; and (3) make the form publicly available in a conspicuous location on the homepage of MadeInAmerica.gov.  The bill imposes penalties against any company found to have submitted false information in order to secure product or company inclusion on the website. Nullifies the Stream Protection Rule submitted by the Department of the Interior's Office of Surface Mining Reclamation and Enforcement. The rule addresses the impacts of surface coal mining operations on surface water, groundwater, and the productivity of mining operation sites. Nullifies a Department of Health and Human Services rule regarding subrecipients of family planning grants. (Under the rule, grant recipients may prohibit an entity from receiving a subaward only for reasons related to the entity's ability to provide family planning services.) National Aeronautics and Space Administration Transition Authorization Act of 2016 This bill authorizes specified National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) programs for FY2017. It modifies and states policy governing certain NASA space and exploration programs, including:   the International Space Station and low-Earth orbit,  Mars exploration,  deep space exploration, and  the Asteroid Robotic Redirect Mission.  To Research, Evaluate, Assess, and Treat Astronauts Act or the TREAT Astronauts Act NASA may provide for:    medical monitoring and diagnosis of former U.S. astronauts and former payload specialists for conditions potentially associated with human space flight, and the treatment of those astronauts and payload specialists for conditions associated with human space flight, including scientific and medical tests for psychological and medical conditions.  NASA shall conduct a space technology program for the research and development of advanced space technologies.  The bill requires the development of a strategic plan to guide NASA information technology operations and an information security plan for cybersecurity.  Liberian Refugee Immigration Fairness Act of 2016   This bill directs the Department of Homeland Security to adjust to permanent resident status a qualifying Liberian national who: (1) has been continuously present in the United States between January 1, 2013, through the date of status adjustment application; or (2) is the spouse, child, or unmarried son or daughter of such an alien.  Adjustment applications must be filed not later than one year after the date of enactment of this bill.  Protect American Democracy Act of 2016 This bill directs the Department of State to submit within 120 days a list of each foreign person that: (1) was at any time since January 1, 2015, involved in actions to unlawfully access, disrupt, influence, or alter information related to U.S. political parties, federal election candidates, or the administration of federal elections; or (2) acted as an agent of, or on behalf of, such foreign person.  The unclassified portion of such list shall be made available to the public and published in the Federal Register. A listed alien shall be ineligible to receive a U.S. entry visa, and any current visa shall be revoked. Such prohibitions shall also apply to an alien who is an official of, or acting on behalf of, a listed foreign entity or government if such alien knowingly furthered such prohibited actions.  The President, through the Department of the Treasury, shall: (1) freeze and prohibit a listed foreign person's transactions in property and property interests that are in the United States or controlled a U.S. person, and (2) require each financial institution that is a U.S. person and has within its possession or control such property or property interests to certify that it has frozen all such assets.  Honors the life and accomplishments of Phil Smith. Offers condolences to Phil Smith's family and friends. Commends Phil Smith's philanthropic efforts and recognizes his impact on South Florida.  No Funding for Sanctuary Campuses Act This bill amends title IV (Student Aid) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 to make an institution of higher education (IHE) that is a sanctuary campus ineligible for funds under title IV.  It defines the term "sanctuary campus."  The Department of Homeland Security must transmit to the Department of Education and publish in the Federal Register notice of a determination that an IHE is a sanctuary campus.  The bill expresses the sense of Congress that providing in-state tuition to an alien who lacks lawful immigration status in the United States creates an incentive for illegal immigration and encourages and induces aliens to come to, enter, or reside in the United States.  Chugach Region Lands Study Act This bill requires the Department of the Interior, in coordination with the Department of Agriculture, to identify at least 500,000 acres of economically viable federal land that may be exchanged with the Chugach Alaska Corporation. Acre-for-acre exchange of identified federal land for certain Chugach Alaska Corporation land is deemed to be in the public interest. This bill amends the Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act for Defense, the Global War on Terror, and Tsunami Relief, 2005 to eliminate the discretionary authority of the Department of Homeland Security to determine what is considered an "official purpose" for purposes of federal agency acceptance of state-issued drivers' licenses and personal identification cards.   States Against Drunk Driving Act of 2016 or the SADD Act of 2016 This bill authorizes supplemental funds under the Edward Byrne Memorial Justice Assistance Grant program for states that: (1) report at least 90% of DUI convictions, and (2) have in effect a law or policy that requires a DUI conviction to be taken into account for purposes of an enhanced criminal sentence under state law.  The term "DUI conviction" means a criminal conviction for operating a motor vehicle under the influence of a drug or alcohol. Litigation Relief for Forest Management Projects Act This bill amends the Forest and Rangeland Renewable Resources Planning Act of 1974 to prohibit any additional consultation from being required with respect to: (1) the listing of a species as threatened or endangered, or a designation of a critical habitat, if a land management plan has been adopted by the Department of Agriculture as of the designation date; or (2) any provision of such an adopted plan.  The bill amends the Federal land Policy and Management Act of 1976 to prohibit any additional consultation from being required with respect to: (1) the listing of a species as threatened or endangered, or a designation of critical habitat, if a land use plan has been adopted by the Department of the Interior as of the designation date; or (2) any provision of such an adopted plan.  (This measure has not been amended since it was introduced. The summary of that version is repeated here.) Designates December 17, 2016, as Wreaths Across America Day.  Honors:   the Wreaths Across America project;  patriotic escort units, including motorcycle units, law enforcement units, and first responder units;  the U.S. trucking industry; and  the volunteers and donors involved in this tradition.   Recognizes the service and sacrifices of veterans, members of the Armed Forces, and their families. (This measure has not been amended since it was introduced. The summary of that version is repeated here.) Declares that the Senate, on the occasion of the 75th anniversary of the December 7, 1941, attack on Pearl Harbor, Hawaii:   pays tribute to the members of the Armed Forces and civilians who died in the attack, honors the men and women of the Armed Forces who gave their lives in defense of freedom and liberty during World War II, acknowledges the peaceful and mutually beneficial U.S-Japan relationship, and  appreciates Japan's efforts as one of the most reliable security partners of the United States.  (This measure has not been amended since it was introduced. The summary of that version is repeated here.) Declares that the Senate: (1) extends its deepest condolences and gratitude to the family of John Glenn; and (2) honors his legacy and life, commitment to the United States, and service to the Senate and the United States. Declares that when the Senate adjourns on December 10, 2016, it stands adjourned as a further mark of respect to the memory of the late John Glenn. (This measure has not been amended since it was introduced. The summary of that version is repeated here.) Suspends specified provisions of Rule IV of the Rules for the Regulation of the Senate Wing of the U.S. Capitol (prohibiting the taking of pictures in the Senate Chamber) to permit the taking of pictures and filming while the Senate is in session or in recess beginning on the adoption of this resolution and ending on May 1, 2017. Requires the Majority and the Minority Leaders of the Senate, and the Chairman and Ranking Member of the Senate Committee on Rules and Administration to enter into a memorandum of understanding with an individual or entity seeking to take such pictures and conduct such filming to produce a film documentary and a book on the history of the Senate to formalize an agreement on: (1) locations and times for taking pictures and conducting filming, and (2) the use of the pictures taken and film made. (This measure has not been amended since it was introduced. The summary of that version is repeated here.) Recognizes and commemorates the bicentennial of the state of Indiana.
